[EH Pyproto] release preparation (#22423)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/eventhub/azure-eventhub/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

> 

Reviewer: do we need to add the Python 3.7+ comment or no?
`This version and all future versions will require Python 3.7+. Python 2.7 and 3.6 are no longer supported.`

> ## 5.8.0a1 (Unreleased)

Reviewer: I'm assuming we don't have a date yet?

Version 5.8.0a1 is our first efforts to build an Azure Event Hubs client library based on pure python implemented AMQP stack.
``
### Breaking changes

- The following features have been temporarily pulled out and will be added back in the future:
  - Async is not supported.

>   - Setting `transport_type` `http_proxy`, `custom_endpoint_address` and `connection_verify` of the client are not supported.

Reviewer: baby nit
```suggestion
  - Passing the following keyword arguments to the constructors and `from_connection_string` methods of the `EventHubProducerClient` and `EventHubConsumerClient` is not supported:  `transport_type`, `http_proxy`, `custom_endpoint_address`, and `connection_verify`.
```
